hey guys lured here and welcome back to
let's play spider-man 2 and her electro
we're lost all Fiat just on you just
avoided Sandman and made it onto the
train hell yeah
only she knows where to find the missing
piece yeah plans and speeches are all
well and good but I think you're
forgetting about one thing
spider-man I've already prepared for
that eventuality let me introduce our
insurance nice hair
enthusiasms enthusiasms what a mine what
is it
which gives me joy I love the same like
destroying spider-man a man stands alone
facing the webslinger this is the time
for what individual achievement but in a
mob I think they really nailed good
Science and Industry ball I'm gonna get
the doctor myself but I get nowhere
unless the team takes out spider-man
they really Neal spider what's up they
really nailed hammerhead here I mean he
really seemed like it's Billy ham red
which is really epic ham has a really
underrated spy remember one in my
opinion just know she's nice not really
that no one at all it looks like
Spidey's gonna have his hands full
finding the doctor and keeping everyone
safe good actually
Oh God controllers wrong my controllers
okay there we go
my controller wasn't on I can only like
press like the X button no okay
think about this is actually is that I
did not replay um okay I usually do I
usually like replay the feed levels that
I plan to record and then and then like
go into it but um I just decided to go
into it blindly this time because I
thought it might be more interesting or
some also have graph of witches or
something but hopefully that won't
happen I haven't really been seeing them
in graphical a graphical glitch and
there supposed to be a vent somewhere
right there right in front of me okay um
I'm gonna have to wipe it on I mean I've
been yeah the controls Oh farmer can you
not oh you just do that okay yeah like I
was saying they really nail hammerhead
in this game I think he's really just a
good character oh yes I like how they um
uh that was my bag I thought I could
possibly jump to it I could jump to it
and in webinar but okay my fault I
thought okay
I don't remember if dr. watts that
doctor that they were talking about
pretty I don't think she's in the comic
history she might be actually she might
be I have a feeling she might have even
at the same time I really doubt she is
oh oh my god this listen it's part of
the game it's not really that um I don't
really like it that much but it's got
some bad things that can happen to you
if you mess up I can't
spider-man get on there there we go get
webbing and yes I actually missed the
webbing with a web cartridge back there
all I got damn I want to go get it I
might actually need to go back there
again yeah dr. Wallace everything it's
like funny how like Oh electro thought
about how once he gets her he'll have
all the power he needs dr. Watts power
watts power watt power ugh
no can I press a over here now doesn't
look like it
yeah I can't okay let's uh go back out I
guess but yeah that on device that walk
she was talking about that's called the
UM bio Nexus device and basically that's
what I was talking about earlier in the
game where pretty much the entire plot
is driven by premise the entire plot is
pretty much created because of a game
exclusive device and I think that's a
really good on edition cuz like it has a
lot of originality in it like I said the
story in this in my opinion is actually
better than the first game that's the
gameplay mechanics don't really seem
there's the game mechanics don't seem to
be improved